Date: June 16, 2012
Categories: life

# The New Macbook Line

A few days after the WWDC and I'm here thinking: should I get one of the Macbook Pros or the new Macbook Air?

I already have the 2010 MBA and it was the very first Mac laptop I've ever bought. It was also the very first time I've been exposed to how sturdy the build quality of macs are. Half a year after I bought a colleague's 2008 Macbook, and a few months after that I got a Mac mini.

That's aside from the iPod touch and the iPad 2 I got.

Even though Mindvalley has an almost all-mac setup (almost due to me getting a hackintosh for finding it difficult to rationalize a purchase of an iMac or a Mac Pro - but hey I get four screens in return - as well as a couple other people preferring to use Windows) it never really hit me how durable Apple products are. Now that the Macbook line has been refreshed, it makes it both easier and more difficult to decide if I should upgrade.

Easier because I know that an Apple product is a great investment that will last me for many years to come (unlike the Compaq Presario I bought that only lasted a couple months after the warranty went out).

More difficult because the products I already have are still serving me quite well, and expect to serve me well into the next year (or probably more).

But because I got the MBA which is mostly unupgradeable I guess the next one I'm getting will be the Macbook Pro. I should be able to get the base model without any of the upgrades, and just get the SSD plus additional memory aftermarket.

Now the next question is: should I get the 13" model or the 15" model? The retina Macbook Pro is out of the question; aside from it being very expensive, I don't really want to get stuck with an unupgradeable machine (nor pay premium up front for CTO). Not to say I made a mistake with my 2010 MBA; the portability is really convenient but in my opinion it's not worth the extra cash.

The 13" is cheap but the 15" is faster and has a discrete video card (and has a better resolution). The 15" isn't as portable though, and that means I have to lug around a laptop bag when I want to carry it.

Help?